Add some information about the project context (#27)
camptocamp/c2cciutils: README.md

Many actions can be disabled by setting the corresponding configuration part to `False`.

# Checks

> The curent configuration profile consider we use a project with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current configuration profile consider we use a project with:
```

-   The following workflows:

>     -   `Continus interation`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `Continuous integration`,
```

    -   `Rebuild` on all supported branch,

>     -   `Audit` for security issune on all supported branches,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `Audit` for security issues on all supported branches,
```

    -   `Backport` between all supported branches,
    -   `Clean Docker hub tags`,
    -   `Auto merge Dependabot updates`.
-   A `SECURITY.md` file.

> -   And we also check that the code is conform with the `black` and `isort` rules, for the coformity with

Reviewer: For this should be a point in the list, it does not really make sense:

The configuration profile consider we use a project with:
- And we also check that the code is conform with ...

It should be an independant chapter.

For example: 

The configuration profile consider we use a project with:
 -   The following workflows:
  - ...
-   A `SECURITY.md` file.

It will check that:
- versions/branches in workflows match with the ones in SECURITY.md file
- the code is conform with the `black` and `isort` rules.
- the `gitattributes` are valid ? I do not exactly what we check here.
- all text files end with an empty line.

Author: > I do not know exactly what we check here.

Check that git didn't detect errors using the .gitattibute file.

E.-g. When you commit a Makefile with spaces you see red square replacing the spaces, it's this kind of tests.

> -   And we also check that the code is conform with the `black` and `isort` rules, for the coformity with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   And we also check that the code is conform with the `black` and `isort` rules, for the conformity with
```

>     the `gitattributes`, and for the right end of file on text files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the `gitattributes` and all text files end with an empty line.
```

Many actions can be disabled by setting the corresponding configuration part to `False`.

# Checks

The configuration profile consider we use a project with:

> -   With Depend a bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Dependabot
```
The with in already on previous line.

-   The following workflows:
    -   `Continuous integration`,
    -   `Rebuild` on all supported branch,
    -   `Audit` for security issues on all supported branches,
    -   `Backport` between all supported branches,
    -   `Clean Docker hub tags`,
    -   `Auto merge Dependabot updates`.
-   A `SECURITY.md` file.

It will check that:

> -   All the workfloes are conform on what we expect,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   All the workflows are conform on what we expect,
```

> -   All the version are completely configured for all the workflows present in `SECURITY.md` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   All the workflows are completely configured for all the versions present in `SECURITY.md` file.
```

-   The code is conform with the `black` and `isort` rules.
-   The `gitattributes` are valid.
-   All text files end with an empty line.

# IDE

The IDE should be configured as:

> -   using `black` and `isort` witout any arguments,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   using `black` and `isort` without any arguments,
```

> -   using the `editorconfig` confuguration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   using the `editorconfig` configuration.
```
